INDEX

Amyntor, father of Phoenix, 111. 27

Anactorie, a friend of Sappho z XV.

Anchises, father of Aeneas : VII.
16& XVI. 203

Androgeus, brother of Ariadne and
son οἱ Minos of Crete, who im-
posed 011 Athens the tribute of
seven youths and seven maidens
beeagse of his son's death there ;

Andromache: V. 1073 VIII. 13

Andromede, Andromeda, daughter
of Cepheus, rescued by Perseus ε
XV. 363 XVIII. 151

Andros,8 an island in the Aegean :

Anna: VII. 191

Antaeus, King of Libya, the famous
wrestler throttled by Hercules:

Antenor, a Trojan warrior, coun—
sellor of Priam ; V. 95

Antilochus, son of Nestor. slain
by Memnon · 1. 15 ‘

Antinous, suitor of Penelope ε 1. 92

Aonius of the Aonian mountains,
in Boeotia: IX. 133

Apollo : VIII. 83; XV. 23

Aquilo, the north-wiud: XI. 13;
XVI. 345

Arabs: XV. 76

Arctophylax, Bootes: XVIII. 188

Arctos, the Lesser Bear ε XVIII, 149

Argo, the ship of the Argonauts:
V1. 655 XII. 9

Argolicus: I. 253 VI. 80; VIII. 74:

Argolides : VI. 81

Argos : XIV. 34

Ariadne, daughter of Minos, king
of Crete. Having aided Theseus
of Athens to find lus way in the
LabyrInth and thus slay her own
brother the Minotaur, she fiies
with him, but is abandoned by
111111 011 the isle of Naxos, v. hence
her letter is written : X.‚ title

Ascanius, son os Aeneas ε VII. 77

Asia: XVI. 177, 355

Atalanta, daughter of Iasius of
Arcadia, loved by Meleager : IV. 99

Athamas, son of Aeolus and father
of Phrixus and Helle : XVIII. 137

⁵10

Athenae: II. 83

Atlans, Atlas, who supported the
world: IX. 18; XVI. 62

Atracis, of Atrax, a town 'in
Thessaly ς XVII. 243

Atreus, father of Agamemnon and
Menelaus: VIII. 27

Atrides, Atreus' son, Agamemnon
or Menelaus: 111. 39, 14& V.
101; XVI. 357, 366

Atthis, a friend of sappho · XV. 18

Auge, a princess of Arcadia, loved
by Hercules : IX. 49

Aulis, the port from which the
Greeks sailed for Troy ε XIII. 3

Aurora, the dawn-goddess : IV. 95;
XV. 87; XVI. 201; XVIII. 112

Baccha: X. 48

Bacchus: IV. 473 V. 115; XV. 24, 25

Belides, descendant of Belus, father
of Danaus and Aegyptus τ XIV. 73

Bicorniger, Bacchus: XIII. 33

Bistonis, Thracian: XVI. 346

Bistonius, Thracian, from the Bis-
tones : 11. 90

Boreas:)x111. 15; XVIII. 39, 209;
XXI. 42.

Briseis, the Mysian captive loved
by Achilles, from whom she was
taken by Agamemnon to replaoe
Chrys-eis, his own love, an act
which caused the Wrath of
Achilles. She writes to reproaeh
her lover for not elaiming her:
III. 1, 137; XX. 69

Busiris, tyrant of Egypt, who
sacigficed strangers to his god:

Calyce, mother of Cycnus : XIX 133

Calydon, home of the famous boar,
in Aetolia : XX. 101

Canace, daughter of Aeolus, guilty
with her brother Macareus, whose
deep love she returns. Discovered
by her father, and bidden to take
her own life, she writes Macareus
of her fate. The subiect is un-
pleasant, but the letter one οὶ
the best: XL, title

Carthage z vII. 11, 19

Cassandra, sister 01* Paris, a
prophetess: XVI. 121

